Hey guys.
Welcome back.
All right, so real quickly, I want to cover a topic that
you kind of need to understand before we move
on to the next lectures, and that question is,
you know, we're going to create an account,
so what type of account are you
specifically going to create?
Now, this doesn't have to necessarily be about the
content that you're going to create on the account,
doesn't matter if you're in this to create photo streams
of cats laying around piles of money, (it's a multi-million
follower account), it doesn't matter if you're trying to create
a photo stream of dads and their poor fashion choices,
and this one, I'm not even sure if this is funny or terrible.
It's an account for Stevie Wonder,
where every photo is just a black square.
Nah, I don't get it. What we do care about is what you
are promoting, and that determines which of the three
different account types we have.
Now, the first account type is your standard business account.
This type of account will represent your business,
have your business name as its name, and you'll use
it to keep people engaged with whatever it is you're
making and whatever it is your company is doing.
When you post comments, it'll be from your company,
that's who they assume is talking to them.
Now, there's roughly 8 billion of these on Instagram,
which is impressive, considering there's only
about 7.5 billion people on the planet.
The second type of account is a personal
or often called a personality account.
Now, you're going to promote yourself in this case, or in some weirder cases, you'll create a fake person, like a parody person,
but those are the edge cases.
Messages from this account look like they come from you,
an individual, and the account is meant to promote you.
So whether it's because you just want to seem popular
and cool, or your actual business is yourself, whatever,
this is your account type.
Most of these accounts consist of like semi-celebrities,
average Joes, and, undeniably, some lizard people
in there. The last account type is what I call, at least,
other people have different names for them,
I call them themed accounts, and these are accounts
that don't represent a company or a person,
they just serve to cover a theme and then deliver
content that matches that specific theme.
This could be like a funny meme account, a motivational
quote account, I'm sure you've seen those, a tips
and tricks account, whatever.
It doesn't have a face on it.
There are accounts dedicated to the color yellow.
There's accounts designed to shame commenters
that post on photos from models.
That's actually one of my favorite ones.
I don't know if it's still up, it's called Comment Casanovas.
You can make a themed account on anything, but
generally the idea is that it tangentially supports your
business, and that you'll use it in some way to push
attention to your business or product at a later date.
So, have a think. You don't have to decide right now,
because after you create your account actually, you
can change virtually all of your details later on.
But you should think about it first, because tools,
ideas, and tips in the next set of lectures are really
just going to depend on what type of account you're making.
So, in each lecture, I'm going to say, if you're a personal account, do this, if you're a business account, do this, if you're a
themed account, do this.
So it really helps if you know this beforehand.
Got it? Okay.
Be a business, be yourself, or be a theme. Pretty simple.
I'm going to create a theme account in the
follow along sections, and it will be glorious.
I'll see you then.